docs: update to v0.44 migration (#10070)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/migrations/README.md

> This folder contains all the migration guides to update your app and modules to Cosmos v0.40 Stargate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains all the migration guides to update your app and modules to the latest version of the Cosmos SDK (v0.44).
```
```suggestion
This folder contains all the migration guides to update your app and modules to Cosmos v0.40 Stargate.
```
